good afternoon and this is Eric Bowen
reporting from Fallujah Iraq
I'm here with 3rd platoon Bravo Company
2nd of the 136 infantry of the Minnesota
Army National Guard we're out on a
live-fire range today with Bradley
fighting vehicles you can see how
Bradley behind me and they just fired
off a couple rounds just as I started my
intro there and this is familiar ization
so the crews can stay competent with the
weapons on the vehicle and also to train
new soldiers in cross train so the
drivers get proficient with the weapons
etc and so it's just a down day here and
we're we're gonna show you a little bit
of that training in progress
[Applause]
[Music]
and that's it Zarek Bowen luge Iraq will
talk to you tomorrow
you
I've also got some footage from a couple
nights ago of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle
like you see behind me that was was
damaged by an ie D and and the the
footage is taken at night with night
vision and shows that vehicle getting
loaded onto a large flatbed truck to get
transported back to the rear
you
we've also got a little bit of footage
today of some soldiers repairing the
pads on the track of a Bradley Fighting
Vehicle like the one behind me they've
got little rubber feet that wear out
after a certain amount of time driving
on the asphalt roads until they have to
be taken off individually and replaced